[Music]
We're recording.
So the board is out of executive
session.
public session and I believe there is a
motion to be put on the table.
I'd like to make the motion to reinstate
unconditionally test grouse to the
position of community and senior center
director
me with full back pay for lost salary
since she was dismissed on April 24th
2025 less any in payments made by the
town of Andover to Mrs.
Someone second that.
Okay, Jeff, you can send me down a copy
of the written motion
and
get the vote. Let's vote for
>> Carol Lee.
>> Hi.
>> Jeff Murray Scott.
>> Jeff McGuire.
So,
motion passes.
Tess has been reinstated to her
position. We'll deal with back pay
issues and everything else. Tess, if you
could communicate with Eric tomorrow and
we'll sit there and get you started.
Is there anything we want to deal with?
Motion to motion to by Jeff Murray,
seconded by Jeff McGuire.
Hi Jeff.
>> Hi Scott. Hi Jeff.
>> Hi.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Attorney.